and then youtube beauty that rafael
Bringing you guys another video.
I'm going to teach you today how to give
a turbinate in your character or
give an improvement in the pf amp that the
faction points on xp or its
coins beauty
So before I show you
everything related to your combat letter
that the combat letter is already going
take a look
I'll still show you here a
fight fast just for you while the
points we will win this fight and
I'll give it a try later.
character struggles do not have cuts to
people, I hope you do not
but the others do not have the
cuts nests just to stay more dynamic
How much faster is the business here?
warm up, I will not cut the
end up even without car beauty because
otherwise it will get too long video for
explaining a simple thing then it does not have
too much sense
would be like the clergy who made a video of
all fatalities show all
fights
makes some sense or does in other
Incarnations I will not be back now, you
saw that we ended with the
brutality until then great 424 1970
Teaching beauty what we will do
now let's main problem good to
People are going to get here.
combat and will squeeze and
push triangle
You will enter to edit the card.
also you can not see everyone has a
business down there and one condition
so come on first we'll give it to you
let's shake the background
the chain has one that is 200 km short
here maybe not 200 pf per vittorio
beauty
we see icon and look for another one that
gave even a business xp currency the pf that
You want to win it also gives a
look here blah blah blah blah new odessa
more speed to the people, right?
champion in 50 or win victory
because it was simpler than his mistake to
fucking do not affect
understood I'll try to finish
again with a brutality for you
that you do not have to see the
noticeable difference is the difference
doing more or less a good match
similar to that will not have a way
It's not going to have to be a beauty here.
and here is the border that tackles has one of
75 mp
You see here 200 plus 50
plus 75 to 325 house bonus only
wins
We're back, relax, I'm leaving here.
let's fight again the only one
Let's do the same fight on the campuses.
the 10 created the average difficulty is
spouting everything was the same then at the end
I'm coming back to bring the
result for you beauty
now we can finish a
departing with brutal de novo
let's take a look here to see if it was
front
You see the difference there separated the
difference there from the other and 424 the match
was extremely similar to 755 not
understood that there is a way of a pa
a quick way so I your
character beauty is there the tip for
anyone who wants to make money is also
very good there is enough that gives
money what more time and more with the
money in the game then it is waiting for you
the video has been useful to everyone
was having difficulty opting for the
paulo xp
If you liked this video, please
forget to leave the joinha has not been registered
on the channel sign up for more video
get out and leave joinha also clear that
I like the stuff in the description has the
channel playlists links also have
links from social networks and twitter
facebook also has the channel links
lucas and mateus's beauty partners eu
I'm going to stay here guys, I'm not going to
extend one more hug to all of you and
went